README updates for Utils.obtainServerConfig() (#223)
Vantiq/vantiq-extension-sources: extjsdk/README.md

The SDK uses the Slf4j logging interface with no implementation provided. The names of the loggers are the fully
qualified class name, appended by a '#' and the name of the source they are associated with.

## <a name="serverConfig" id="serverConfig"></a>Connector Startup Configuration
Generally, connectors need a minimum of three configuration properties at startup:
*   `targetServer`: The URL of the Vantiq server to which the connector should connect.
*   `authToken`: The access token that the connector will use to authenticate to the desired namespace.
*   `source(s)`: The name of the source in the namespace (or in some cases a list of comma-separated source names) 
    that the connector will connect to
    
The SDK includes a utility method to retrieve the startup configuration document and parse its contents into a 
`Properties` object: `Utils.obtainServerConfig()`. By default, this method will look for those values in a file named 

> `server.config`. That file is expected to be included in the running connector directory as follows: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`server.config`. That file is expected to be included in the running connector's working directory as follows: 
```

> `<connectorRunningDirector>/serverConfig/server.config`. The SDK will also look for the file in the running connector 

Reviewer: I believe that the _term of art_ is the  _connectors working directory_.  $CWD in scripts, etc., generally refers to Current Working Directory.

directory if it is not found in the `serverConfig` subdirectory (i.e. `<connectorRunningDirector>/server.config`).

For users who may not want to write the `authToken` property to a file because of its sensitive nature, the 
`Utils.obtainServerConfig()` method will also search for this value in an environment variable named 

> `CONNECTOR_AUTH_TOKEN`. If the `authToken` is specified in the `server.config` document, that value will take precedent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CONNECTOR_AUTH_TOKEN`. If the `authToken` is specified in the `server.config` document, that value will take precedence.
```
